[Custom] [Deprecation] Use $IMAGE instead of $IMAGES (#3084)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/references/deprecation/_index.md

## Current deprecation notices

10/21/2019: With release v0.41.0 we mark for deprecation the `$IMAGES` environment variable passed to custom builders. Variable `$IMAGE` should be used instead.

> This environment variable flag will be removed earliest 01/21/2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This environment variable flag will be removed no earlier than 01/21/2020.
```
